README.md, before:

- 👋 Hi, I’m @FryFang, a Nuclear Physics PhD who has a wide range of skills from working at the Facility for Rare Isotope Beams, Nuclear Science Laboratory, and Nusano. I am experienced in
- ☢ Nuclear reaction measurements and detector designs, including gamma-rays, neutrons, and charged particles.
- 〰 Beam physics simulations. COSY INFINITY, Field Precison, Elegant. Built models of recoil separator in inverse kinematics, and high intensity Low Beam Energy Transport system.
- ⚛ Ion source physics. IBSimu, Field Precision. Design and investigate positive ion extraction system from ECR ion source including plasma models.
- 💨 Accelerator designs, commissions, and operations.
- 📫 How to reach me? Email me at: fryfang@outlook.com
<!---
- 👀 I’m interested in analyzing data that can be helpful to make business decisions. You can explore a few different projects that I worked on here.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning experimental Nuclear Physics at the University of Notre Dame
- 💞️ I’m looking to get some internship experiences doing data analysis.
- 📫 How to reach me? Email me at: fangry37@gmail.com
--->

<!---
FryFang/FryFang is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Update README with control program development details
Added details about developing control programs in various technologies.

README.md, after:

- 👋 Hi, I’m @FryFang, a Nuclear Physics PhD who has a wide range of skills from working at the Facility for Rare Isotope Beams, Nuclear Science Laboratory, and Nusano. I am experienced in
- ☢ Nuclear reaction measurements and detector designs, including gamma-rays, neutrons, and charged particles.
- 〰 Beam physics simulations. COSY INFINITY, Field Precison, Elegant. Built models of recoil separator in inverse kinematics, and high intensity Low Beam Energy Transport system.
- ⚛ Ion source physics. IBSimu, Field Precision. Design and investigate positive ion extraction system from ECR ion source including plasma models.
- 💨 Accelerator designs, commissions, and operations. Develop control programs in LabVIEW, EPICs, Phoebus, and Qt6.
- 📫 How to reach me? Email me at: fryfang@outlook.com
<!---
- 👀 I’m interested in analyzing data that can be helpful to make business decisions. You can explore a few different projects that I worked on here.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning experimental Nuclear Physics at the University of Notre Dame
- 💞️ I’m looking to get some internship experiences doing data analysis.
- 📫 How to reach me? Email me at: fangry37@gmail.com
--->

<!---
FryFang/FryFang is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
